README.md, before:

# Pokedex

## About

This is a Web-based Pokédex in which you can see the list of Pokémons and sort them by Name, Height, or Weight. On click of the 'Find out more' button, you will take to a detail page. 

This project was create with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.7, [NgRx](https://ngrx.io/) and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/). With the help from [PokéAPI](https://pokeapi.co/)

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

added instruction on how to run this application.

README.md, after:

# Pokedex

## About

This is a Web-based Pokédex in which you can see the list of Pokémons and sort them by Name, Height, or Weight. On click of the 'Find out more' button, you will take to a detail page. 

This project was create with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.7, [NgRx](https://ngrx.io/) and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/). With the help from [PokéAPI](https://pokeapi.co/)


## How to run this appliction
This application uses Angular(12.2.7) as a front-end framwork. 

1. To install angular cli run `npm install @angular/cli`.

2. Clone the project from this URL with command `git clone https://github.com/prateek-padhy/pokedex.git`

3. To install all the dependencies with run `npm install`

4. To start development server run `ng serve` 

5. Finaly navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to see the appliction running.


## Angular specific instractions 


### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
